---
layout: post
title: OppSites
thumbnail: oppsites-thumbnail@2x.png
---

Over a year ago, I applied to an internship at a city planning firm. By the time
I started the internship, the company had pivoted to a full-time startup. Throughout
my time at [OppSites](http://oppsites.com), I have filled a number of roles based on
skills I had or skills that I picked up along the way. Half-way through, I settled
into what can most nearly be described as a **product manager**.

* Led two remote development teams
* Led an internal product team with developers and designers.
* Sold ideas to upper management.
* Made technical decisions with the developers.
* Made design decisions with the designers.
* I have an interdisciplinary design approach.
* Approach PM from the design side.

### Design Sprint
* Idea to mockup in 2 hours.
* 2 week launch window.
* Unknown if we will get the deal. Must develop in a way that if deal is lost, we
come out ahead technically and design-wise.
* Regular check-ins and readjustments to the scope.

### Projects
* P3
* Feature Audit

* I believe in letting people lead with what they're experts in.
* Constant learning process
* Communication in the internal team is important, as is communication with other
groups in the company.
* Balanced bugs and feature building to grow business and keep designers/developers
happy.
* I believe in working smart, not hard.
* Guided the execs in building a roadmap for product.
* Weekly meetings with execs to update progress and gain vision.
* Worked with the developer to estimate and prioritize tasks.
* Introduced the design sprint idea to the company.

Used sysadmin knowledge to deploy more secure and stable infrastructure for the developers
to build on.
--> Downtime statistics. # of deployments to production.
